Allegro Sound Setup Utility
by David Calvin

------------
Introduction
------------

This program is a simple interface to setting up a sound.cfg file for use
with Allegro.  It will allow you to autodetect your soundcard or set it up
manually.  It also provides a test system to make sure the settings you have
chosen are working properly.

-----
Files
-----

setup.cc        Source Code
setup.exe       Main Program File
setup.txt       You're reading it now
setup.dat       Datafile containing test sounds
sound.cfg       Created by setup.exe to save settings

------------
Installation
------------

If you are a user of an Allegro based program, installation is simple.
Copy setup.exe and setup.dat into the directory of the program you are using 
and you're all set.

If you are a programmer of an Allegro based program, the follow steps will
be used to modify setup to work with your program.

1) In setup.cc, change the PROGRAM_NAME #define to the name of your program.
2) Run make.
3) Copy the resulting .exe and the setup.dat to the location of your program.

If you wish to modify setup to work with additional soundcards, try the
following:

1) In setup.h, modify the NUM_DIGI_CARDS and NUM_MIDI_CARDS constants to 
	reflect the new amount of cards supported.
2) In setup.h, modify the data structures holding the names and specs of
	the digi and midi cards to account for the new ones.
3) As long as the new cards work the same way as the old ones, recompile
	and you should be all set.  NOTE: This has never been tested,
	additional hacking might be necessary.

-----
Usage
-----

The simplest case of usage is this:

1) Run setup.exe
2) Select Autodetect
3) Test to make sure the settings work
4) Save and exit

Setup will automatically read the settings in sound.cfg at startup.  If you
wish to avoid this, either delete sound.cfg, or run "setup -nodetect".

-------
Credits
-------

Written by David Calvin
You may contact me at "calvid@rpi.edu" to report bugs or make comments or
whatever.  Unless the bug is severe, I probably won't have time to try to
fix it, but I'd like to hear about them anyway.  Most users spend an average
of five seconds in a setup program, it doesn't need to be all that
wonderful. :)

Thanks to the following people:

Shawn Hargreaves, author of the incredible Allegro game library.  Not only
did he write this amazing library, but he gladly answered all my annoying
questions while I was writing this program.  Thanks Shawn!  If Setup did not
come with Allegro, you can find it at
"ftp://x2ftp.oulu.fi/pub/msdos/programming/djgpp2/".

DJ Delorie, author of the outstanding DJGPP compiler.  Without his work, none
of this would have been possible.  DJGPP can be found at
"http://www.delorie.com/djgpp/".

-----
Legal
-----

This program is freeware.  You MAY distribute it anywhere, anyhow, anytime.
You MAY also modify, hack, alter, disassemble, reassemble, rip apart and
otherwise molest the source code.  I don't care what you do with it, as
long as I am given credit somewhere.  If it is used in a commercial product,
some kind of monetary contribution would be nice.

----
Bugs
----

Yes, of course there are some, but they aren't that serious.

Setup will override values in sound.cfg if they do not work.  However, this
isn't really a bug, it is a feature. :)
